SNSHero Novel
Episode 16: Brothers Before the Ruins

The day before leaving for Whisper of the Wind Island, the fog at Cloud Return Mansion parted for a moment. Aeolus(025.png) holding a black flute walked in on the water. The wind supported his feet but made no sound.

When Celia(062.png) saw his father, he felt more angry than happy. He asked all at once the order to kill Medusa Gorgo(089.png), the banishment of Rondol(046.png), and the silence that had closed all doors after his mother's death. Instead of explaining, Aeolus(025.png) looked at his daughter's face and wounds.

He raised his hand and lowered it when he saw that the way Celia(062.png) had tied his hair when he was young had changed. He didn't know if he still had the right to tidy up his tangled hair like before. Celia(062.png) became angrier when he saw that small hesitation, and at the same time, he could not pour out any more words.

“You’re alive. ” That one word made Celia(062.png) more angry. “Did you think all you had to do was stay alive?

Did the people your father abandoned think the same way? ” Medusa Gorgo(089.png) came down from the roof. She aimed the chain whip at Aeolus(025.png)'s back, but Aeolus(025.png) didn't even turn around.

The past orders were not forged. He believed that tens of thousands of people would be sacrificed if the Codex fell to the Shadow Realm, and he chose to abandon several of his disciples. Rondol(046.png) showed the leg he lost because of that choice.

Medusa Gorgo(089.png) called the name of the dead Belphegor(013.png). This was the first time Celia(062.png) heard that his mother, Sylphid(023.png), lost her life while deciphering the codex. The world that Aeolus(025.png) tried to protect was always bigger than specific people. Kadan(041.png) did not intend to be a judge.

However, I asked Aeolus(025.png). “Would you do that again if the same situation came up? ” There was no answer for a long time.

Finally, Aeolus(025.png) put down the flute. “If it were me in the past, I would have done that. I don’t know now.

I lost too many people to admit that I don’t know. ” Rondol(046.png) lifted the blanket on his knees to reveal his missing leg. “If I had heard the answer back then that I didn’t know, I might have stayed.

” Aeolus(025.png) did not see the wound and lowered his head. Realizing that being silent because of the late apology was another escape, he eventually called out his student's name and said that he had made a mistake. Medusa Gorgo(089.png) didn't kill him.

Not because I forgave him, but because I didn't want to end the answer with death. She headed to Wind Island, saying she would first find the original codex. Aeolus(025.png) did not order Celia(062.png) to return.

Instead, it was announced that the island's barrier was collapsing, and that the Western Poisonous Dragons and the Red Glass Court were approaching at the same time. Celia(062.png) said he would go back not for the island, but for the people living on it. The moment I was about to leave the mansion, Ignis(011.png) appeared.

He was putting a handful of dirt from the graves of Balian(043.png) and Ysela(107.png) into a small glass jar. While chasing Lucian(061.png), I had just discovered that the palace fleet was heading to Wind Island. Kadan(041.png) took Ignis(011.png) to the grave. In front of the tombstone, the two people placed the silver daggers left behind by their fathers side by side.

Ignis(011.png) said that he did not deserve to be a brother because he ignored his biological father. Ignis(011.png) took the wooden horse out of the dirt again. It was wet from the rain and the colors were smudged, but one wheel still turned.

Kadan(041.png) did not offer to fix it. Ignis(011.png) was next to hand over a small knife and a dry cloth until he cleaned it himself. “It’s not a promise you make because you’re qualified.

” Kadan(041.png) held out his hand. “We make a deal to pull each other out the next time we go down the wrong path. ” Ignis(011.png) held hands after a while.

The two were not brothers with the same parents, nor were they colleagues who covered each other's sins. They ended up promising to tell the truth that the other person didn't want to hear. Celia(062.png) became anxious as he watched the two people make their vows.

Kadan(041.png)'s good intentions could have saved Ignis(011.png), and could have been used for his own ambitions. Ignis(011.png) also read Celia(062.png)'s eyes. “You don’t have to trust me.

” “That is not permitted. ” Celia(062.png) answered. The three people boarded the same boat, but headed to Wind Island for different reasons. Kadan(041.png) to keep his father's promise, Celia(062.png) to confront his father's choices, and Ignis(011.png) to prove that his spark is no one's command.
