SNSHero Novel
Episode 25: Night of the False Wedding

While Kadan(041.png) was recovering, an unexpected wedding was held in the ruins of Elwin(042.png). Rondol(046.png) of the Cloud Return Mansion knew that his son Kaze(044.png) and the pharmacist Eliana(063.png) had been in love for a long time, so he allowed the two to unite.

The feast began with raising the beams of the collapsed tavern. Celia(062.png) hung a wind lamp on the ruins, and Gilgamesh(047.png) opened the northern barrel. Kadan(041.png) was kicked out three times while carrying a chair with his waist bandaged.

Everyone devoted themselves to work with the intention of enjoying ordinary joy, even if only for a moment. Eliana(063.png) wore a pharmacist's apron instead of a wedding gown. The reason was that if an injury occurs, it must be treated immediately.

Kaze(044.png) lost the ring and searched the kitchen and the well until just before the ceremony. Grimli(074.png) had tied the ring to his beard as a joke. Ignis(011.png) kept the fire outside the feast.

People were wary of him and children hid when they saw the white flames. When Kadan(041.png) approached him with a glass of wine, he said that he had no right to smile after his parents' funeral.

A child came close to the campfire because of the cold. Ignis(011.png) lowered the color of the white flame to orange so that the child would not be scared. The fire stirred clumsily, but it was warm.

After the child warmed his hands and returned, Ignis(011.png) paused for a long time, realizing that he had never learned how to make such a small fire. “If you needed qualifications to smile, all the banquets in the world would be empty. ” Kadan(041.png) left the drink next to him and went back.

After a while, Ignis(011.png) emptied his glass alone. The night after the wedding, Orihalcon(038.png) appeared in front of the secret sealing room. Since he could not use his legs, he was supporting his body with a metal brace.

He claimed that he never stole the Strategic Core and that Lucian(061.png) cut his memories. Celia(062.png) checked his wind signature.

The heart beat was fast, but the whistle of lies did not sound. Someone had changed the memory itself to hide the truth while telling the truth. A small crystal bug was discovered inside Orihalcon(038.png)'s auxiliary sphere.

It was a surveillance device made from fragments of Death Knight Artus(060.png)'s armor. As Ignis(011.png) melted the shell with flames, the crystal bug played Lucian(061.png)'s voice. Orihalcon(038.png) described the feeling of having an empty room in his memory.

When I thought of a certain name, it seemed to go to the door and then slip away. Celia(062.png) did not force the memories open with the wind. Forcibly recovering memories for which one was not prepared was another intrusion.

After the wedding, Kadan(041.png) and the party will head to the southern imperial palace. Let them get the last chapter of the core themselves.

The missing metal leaf was not a map but a key. When all the remaining cores are stacked, the Ironforge(080.png) tactical room in the basement of the imperial palace opens, where the original device that moves the ley lines of the entire continent lies dormant. Kadan(041.png) said they had to go to the imperial palace even though they knew that Lucian(061.png) was leading them.

If the original device was left untouched, the Court of Red Glass would find it someday. Celia(062.png) said to go into the trap but not to move in the order the opponent expected. Ignis(011.png) proposed that he would return to the palace first and commit a false defection.

Lucian(061.png) still believes he wants the throne. The calculation was that the security network could be changed from within. Grimli(074.png) opposed.

“He who is best at betrayal is also the best at spies. ” Ignis(011.png) was not angry.

“That’s true. That’s why we need to decide how to monitor me as well. ” Celia(062.png) planted a wind mark on Ignis(011.png)'s flame.

If he voluntarily harms someone to Lucian(061.png), the mark will turn off and the crystal held by Kadan(041.png) will be broken. Instead of demanding trust in words, the cost of betrayal was made visible. The next day, the three people took different paths to the imperial palace.

Kadan(041.png) joined the refugee caravan with his six teachers, and Celia(062.png) rode the Freemen's League's contact network. Ignis(011.png) put on his red glass cloak again. The wedding wind lamps were going out one by one in the daylight.
