SNSHero Novel
Episode 05: Phantom in the Downpour

The chains in the cave were a trap. The moment Kadan(041.png) approached Belphegor(013.png), the runes on the ceiling flipped over and black fog poured out. Medusa Gorgo(089.png) avoided Kadan(041.png)'s eyes and burrowed into his shadow.

Just before the cold nails touched the nape of the neck, Gawain(045.png)'s cane split the floor. “Don’t believe your eyes, Kadan(041.png). That woman is not where you look.

” Kadan(041.png) closed his eyes. I heard the stone dust falling like raindrops, Grimli(074.png)'s heavy breathing, and the direction in which the chain was being dragged. And then he swung the dagger at an empty spot that made no sound.

The tip of the knife tore Medusa Gorgo(089.png)'s sleeve. The six teachers spread out their formation without any time to be surprised. Aila the Demon Hunter(070.png)'s arrows blocked the retreat, and Rondol(046.png) raised groundwater to wash away the fog. Kaze(044.png) wrapped Belphegor(013.png)'s chain around the pillar.

Eliana(063.png) extracted the poison that had begun to spread on Kadan(041.png)'s neck using a crystal syringe instead of a silver needle. Belphegor(013.png) broke the restraints and rushed at Kadan(041.png). When Grimli(074.png)'s hammer and crystal arm collided, the cave wall collapsed.

Medusa Gorgo(089.png) turned to save her lover, and at that moment, Gawain(045.png) broke her hearing rune. Kadan(041.png) aimed a dagger at the chest of the fallen Belphegor(013.png). He might have been connected to the attacker who killed his father.

It seemed like if I put my hand down just once, some of my long-standing questions would end in blood. However, an old necklace could be seen between Belphegor(013.png)'s armor. Inside was a small welcome stone with two people smiling with their teacher Aeolus(025.png). It was proof that the monster was not a monster from the beginning.

Medusa Gorgo(089.png) did not miss Kadan(041.png)'s hesitation. She disappeared down the collapsed chasm, dragging Belphegor(013.png) with her. In the welcome stone, Medusa Gorgo(089.png)'s eyes were not covered, and Belphegor(013.png)'s arms were also human.

Between the two, young Celia(062.png) was throwing flower petals and laughing. Kadan(041.png) couldn't look at those faces for long. The fact that a past unknown to oneself was still alive in the enemy's body was more difficult to handle than the sword.

Grimli(074.png) was furious. “If you let the enemy live and you die, who will remember that mercy? ” Kadan(041.png) could not answer. I couldn't tell whether it was mercy or fear.

Gawain(045.png) did not give him the correct answer. However, he said not to forget the weight of choice. The cave collapsed and even the snow layer of the mountain cracked.

Outside, unseasonable rain fell. The group was scattered by the rapids, and Kadan(041.png) clung alone to a crevice in the rocks. As his fingers slipped one by one, someone grabbed his wrist.

Above the rapids, the six teachers were also looking for each other. Gawain(045.png) distinguished the trembling of silver bells in the sound of water and pinpointed the locations of his colleagues. Rondol(046.png) diverted the water and Grimli(074.png) turned a fallen pine tree into a bridge.

The cooperation they were trying to teach Kadan(041.png) first saved their lives that day. It was Belphegor(013.png). He was hugging Medusa Gorgo(089.png) with his other hand. “No debt left behind.

” He threw Kadan(041.png) onto the rock. “Next time we meet, don’t hesitate. ” The torrent swallowed the two people.

Kadan(041.png) tried to run after him, but Grimli(074.png) grabbed his waist. On the black water, Medusa Gorgo(089.png)'s silver hair appeared for a moment and then disappeared. After the heavy rain stopped, the six teachers decided to teach Kadan(041.png) their respective techniques.

Before, they thought the child was too dull, but he was faster than anyone else in terms of reading sounds and looking out for others in times of danger. Gawain(045.png) was in charge of how to listen to the terrain, Aila the Demon Hunter(070.png) was in charge of how to wait, and Grimli(074.png) was in charge of how to shock. Unlike the heroic story, the training was boring. Kadan(041.png) guessed the sound of falling stones all day, and the next day he walked up and down the hill without spilling a bowl of water.

Every time you make a mistake, Kaze(044.png) counts again from the beginning. Kadan(041.png) was surprised that it took longer to mop the floor and maintain equipment than to swing a sword. Eliana(063.png) treated his hands every night.

“There is a difference between enduring a wound and neglecting a wound. ” Kadan(041.png) learned to apply that phrase to the mind rather than the body much later. Kadan(041.png) buried a small piece of crystal that fell from Belphegor(013.png)'s necklace at the entrance of the collapsed cave.

[Belphegor(013.png), Kadan(041.png)] Because they could not decide whether they were enemies or benefactors, no graves or monuments were built. That night, for the first time, he awakened Rune from his father's dagger. A speck of frost bloomed on the blade. Although it was small and imperfect, it was a snowflake that did not melt even in heavy rain.
