SNSHero Novel
Episode 18: Secret of the Black Sanctum

[Kadan(041.png)] There were no books in the basement of the temple. The entire black wall was a huge memory device, with thousands of sentences floating around with light and sound.

The Nine Shadows Codex was not one person's secret book, but a record of life mana research left behind by a fallen civilization. Aeolus(025.png) explained that the codex can be used for healing and life extension, but if read in reverse order, it becomes a forbidden art that takes away the life force of others. Celia(062.png)'s mother, Sylphid(023.png), died when her memory and mind were connected while trying to correct a mistranslation.

Inside the temple, an old man named Gandar(069.png) was trapped. He was a heroic priest who founded the Star Sanctuary and a long-time enemy of Aeolus(025.png). Aeolus(025.png) said he locked him up because he knew the location of the codex, but Gandar(069.png) claimed he stayed because it was fun.

Gandar(069.png)'s prison door was not locked. He said that he ate more regularly inside than outside and that it was easy to make fun of Aeolus(025.png), so he didn't go out. When Celia(062.png) did not believe him, he showed him twelve escape hatches he had secretly dug over the past ten years.

It was like everyone went out about halfway and then came back because they were bored. When Gandar(069.png) saw Kadan(041.png), he immediately asked him to become his younger brother. The more Kadan(041.png) tried to be polite, the more he rolled on the floor and laughed.

[Gandar(069.png), Kadan(041.png)] “Don’t use adult language. The most dangerous runes in this temple can never be learned by someone with dignity. ” What he showed was binary splitting.

A technique to simultaneously defend and attack by sending different mana commands to the left and right hands. Kadan(041.png) had a simple idea, so he learned it rather quickly.

He raised a snow crystal shield with one hand and created the first seal of Dragon Breaker with the other hand. From the first attempt, Celia(062.png) created different winds with both hands, but the two flows were intertwined too intricately and he got himself caught in a knot. Ignis(011.png) tried to use two attacks at the same time, but both flames collided.

Gandar(069.png) laughed, holding his stomach and saying that the two smartest people would take the longest. Celia(062.png) found the voice of Sylphid(023.png) in the codex records. Instead of telling people not to blame Aeolus(025.png), the last study left a warning saying, “Do not trust interpretations that make someone’s sacrifice for granted.

” It was a sentence I wrote with the belief that my daughter would read it someday. In his memory, after Sylphid(023.png) finished talking about his research, he even left young Celia(062.png) instructions on how to comb his hair and a recipe for his favorite soup. There was no difference between the knowledge to save the world and the knowledge to survive each day.

It was only at that point that Celia(062.png) cried quietly. Ignis(011.png) discovered a structure identical to his fingernail rune in the forbidden arts section. The technique taught by Medusa Gorgo(089.png) was the reverse translation of the codex.

Every time he attacked a person, some of the opponent's mana flowed into the flame core, and that power was slowly destroying the core. “How to get rid of it? ” Ignis(011.png) asked.

“Giving back what you have received. ” Gandar(069.png) answered. “It’s not that you’re losing strength, it’s that you’re letting go of strength that wasn’t yours.

[Gandar(069.png)] It’s going to hurt a lot. ” A warning sound sounded.

Artificial white flames were melting the outer walls of the temple. Magitech Golem(099.png) sent by Lucian(061.png) copied the island's defense system and opened the door from the inside. Someone had already transmitted part of the codex to the outside world.

Medusa Gorgo(089.png) said he was not the criminal. What she wanted was the truth, not Lucian(061.png)'s victory. For the first time, Aeolus(025.png) did not doubt his disciple's words.

The four people separated the memory device and each took a different piece. This was to prevent one person from monopolizing the entire codex. Gandar(069.png) gave Kadan(041.png) a final warning.

[Gandar(069.png), Kadan(041.png)] Binary splitting is not a technique to create two minds, and it is a way for one person to take on different responsibilities at the same time. “The problem will not be solved if you choose between love and duty. You have to look at both clearly and choose.

” Kadan(041.png) wrote a reply to Titania(064.png) that night. Although he treasured the promise he made when he was young, he could not marry by the Conqueror's declaration, and he openly wrote that he had fallen in love with Celia(062.png). My writing hand trembled more than when I held the sword.

Celia(062.png) did not read the letter. I just sat next to Kadan(041.png), who had finished sealing, and put our shoulders to each other. Above the temple, Magitech Golem(099.png)'s footsteps were getting closer and closer.
