SNSHero Novel
Episode 01: Two Vows Beneath the Blizzard

Winter arrived first in Elwin(042.png) village, at the southern end of the Kingdom of Lighthaven. The snow covered the castle walls starting during the day, and as the sun set, it even engulfed the boundaries of the roads and roofs. People lined their windows with thick parchment and turned off their lights early.

It was because of the rumor that the Shadow Realm cavalry that had taken over the north had crossed the border. That night, Aleksandar(050.png) and Balian(043.png) were sitting across from each other in the small tavern behind the blacksmith shop. Aleksandar(050.png) was a quiet hunter who used dual swords, and Balian(043.png) was a man who pierced the eyes of a wolf in a blizzard with an arcane spear.

[Aleksandar(050.png), Balian(043.png)] The two men lived by plowing fields and pounding iron, hiding the fact that they were descendants of the fallen Holy Knights. The only hope that could endure the night of a defeated nation was that their wives would soon give birth to children. When the door opened, the smell of blood came in before the wind.

Hercul(049.png), wearing tattered pilgrimage clothes, stood at the threshold. The broken seal of the Holy Knights was hanging on his waist, and the golden mana leaking through his gloves drew a thin pattern on the wet floor. The tip of Balian(043.png)'s spear touched his neck. Aleksandar(050.png)'s sword was already blocking the escape route behind his back.

“If you are a hunting dog from the Shadow Realm, it would be a waste of time to reveal your name. ” Hercul(049.png) spread his palms instead of answering. The two men's weapons stopped as if they had hit an invisible wall.

[Hercul(049.png)] As the golden protective shield surrounded the tavern, the liquor bottles on the shelves cried all at once. But he didn't fight back. He simply placed the belongings of the executed Holy Knight Commander Ake on the table.

After the misunderstanding was resolved, the three discussed the state of the kingdom until dawn. The royal family hung on to banquets and tax books, and border towns took it upon themselves to keep monsters and marauders at bay. Hercul(049.png) was chasing a list of court nobles who had connections with the Shadow Realm. At the top of the list was Death Knight Artus(060.png), Regent of the Court of Red Glass.

Before leaving, Hercul(049.png) took out two silver daggers. Inside the handle, an unnamed rune was still sleeping. “Give each child one when they are born.

This does not mean that they should pass on their parents’ grudges. It means that they do not forget the truth until they decide for themselves who is their friend and who is their enemy. ” Aleksandar(050.png) said he would give his son the name Kadan(041.png), which means a shield that endures to the end in an old northern language.

Balian(043.png) said he would call the child Ignis(011.png) to mean not to get lost even in the fire. Instead of alcohol, the three men filled their glasses with melted snow and prayed for the safety of their two unborn children. A few days later, on a snow-covered road, young nobleman Lucian(061.png) met Aleksandar(050.png)'s wife, Elwin(042.png). He was dressed like an injured traveler, but hidden within his cloak was the coat of arms of the Red Glass Court.

A bowl of warm soup and a few kind words from Elwin(042.png) awakened Lucian(061.png)'s desire. He turned the entire town into a den of traitors to take her over. At dawn, soldiers in black armor surrounded the village.

Aleksandar(050.png) sent his wife out to the north canal and stood on the bridge alone. Balian(043.png) lifted his spear after putting his pregnant wife, Ysela(107.png), in the carriage. The two tore through the siege dozens of times, but the enemy even used the local residents as shields.

Aleksandar(050.png) chose the line where the resident was standing and struck the soldier's wrist with the back of his sword. The wounds on my shoulders and thighs increased as I was doing things that would have been quick to cut. Balian(043.png) lifted up the fallen soldier's spear and threw it at the residents.

The baker and carpenter, who had never held a weapon in their lives, stood on the railing of the bridge, sending their family behind them. Lucian(061.png) looked down on the battle from high above. He shouted to Aleksandar(050.png) that he would guarantee Elwin(042.png)'s life if he admitted to treason. Instead of answering, Aleksandar(050.png) cut one of the ropes on the bridge.

The wooden board the soldiers were standing on tilted and fell into the icy water. “Your wife’s life is not guaranteed by your words. ” Balian(043.png)'s carriage was intercepted by the court cavalry at the end of the alley.

Ysela(107.png) crawled under the carriage, covering its stomach, but Lucian(061.png) personally grabbed the reins and stopped it. She grabbed some mud and threw it in his face. Because of that short resistance, Balian(043.png) thought his wife had run away and lured the enemy towards the cliff.

Aleksandar(050.png) did not back down from the bridge until the end. By the time his sword broke, Elwin(042.png) had already disappeared beyond the blizzard. Balian(043.png) fell into the rapids at the bottom of the cliff while trying to protect Ysela(107.png), and Lucian(061.png) kidnapped Ysela(107.png) in the confusion and took him to the palace. Arriving in the northern wilderness, Elwin(042.png) kneeled toward the burned village.

The dagger in my arms trembled slightly. A child who had not yet come into the world kicked his foot from the inside. The refugees who followed late could not say that Aleksandar(050.png) was dead.

Elwin(042.png) didn't even ask. He put the broken sword sheath that someone had given him into his bosom, and buried the wheat seeds he had brought from the village under his eyes. Even if I couldn't come back, I hoped that someone would be able to eat bread again on the spot.

“You were not born for revenge. ” Elwin(042.png) wiped his tears and walked again. “Just be someone who doesn’t bow your head in the face of lies. ”
