SNSHero Novel
Episode 19: Three Trials

Aeolus(025.png) said he would test Kadan(041.png) before leaving the island. I had no intention of granting my daughter's heart like an object, but I had to check if she was someone who would become an enemy of the island while holding the codex piece.

Celia(062.png) objected, saying that his choice should not be tested. “It is not my marriage that is being tested, but my judgment. ” Kadan(041.png) said.

“I already heard your choice. ” The first test began in the acoustic garden. As Aeolus(025.png) played the flute, resonant waves like invisible blades rushed in from all directions.

Kadan(041.png) did not stop his ears and listened to the tremors of the ground as he had learned from Gawain(045.png). Instead of spreading the shield wide, it split the waves by floating small snow crystals at each node of the sound.

Aeolus(025.png) mixed the lullaby that Celia(062.png) used to sing when he was young when he couldn't sleep between the attack sounds. The reason why Kadan(041.png)'s concentration was shaken was not because of the power of the sound, but because he heard Celia(062.png) stop breathing next to him. Instead of continuing the test, he lowered his shield for a moment to check Celia(062.png).

Aeolus(025.png) did not count that choice as a failure. The opponent for the second test was Ignis(011.png). Aeolus(025.png) said that the person who protects the codex fragments needs the ability to stop the force.

Kadan(041.png) and Ignis(011.png) faced each other in the temple ring. Ignis(011.png) used smaller flames than before.

After starting to return the power of the forbidden technique, my body became weaker, but my control became more sophisticated. Kadan(041.png) deployed both defense and attack simultaneously through dual division. Even though snow and fire hit it dozens of times, not a single flower outside the circular platform was burned.

The two men did not shout out the names of the attacks and there were no spectators. Because of this, we were able to see each other's faces in more detail than at the first duel table. Ignis(011.png) noticed that Kadan(041.png) protected his left knee, and Kadan(041.png) noticed that Ignis(011.png) continued to reduce the spark near his heart.

The match ended with Kadan(041.png)'s fist stopping in front of Ignis(011.png)'s chest, and Ignis(011.png)'s flame stopping in front of Kadan(041.png)'s neck at the same time. Aeolus(025.png) has not decided on a winner. The two people who stopped said they both passed the test.

The final test was to remember a thousand random sentences from the codex and restore them backwards. Kadan(041.png) had a slow reading speed.

Ignis(011.png) rarely forgot a rune once he saw it, and even Celia(062.png) thought that Kadan(041.png) was at a disadvantage this time. Gandar(069.png) taught Kadan(041.png) a shortcut. It was a method of physically remembering the movement of a sentence rather than memorizing its meaning.

Kadan(041.png) linked each rune to the movements of the six teachers, the northern constellations, and the wind path created by Celia(062.png). When giving the correct answer, he did not recite the sentence, but drew it on the temple floor with his sword and his steps. When he couldn't remember the last sentence, Celia(062.png) didn't give a hint.

Instead, the bowl of soup that the two of them had initially shared at the market was placed on the floor. Kadan(041.png) recalled the rotating rune missing from the edge of the round bowl.

Aeolus(025.png) confirmed the answer that knowledge does not exist separately from people. After the three exams, Aeolus(025.png) tried to call Kadan(041.png) his son-in-law. Celia(062.png) immediately cut him off.

“It’s not the name your father would give you. We still have work to do, and we’ll decide on marriage later. ” Kadan(041.png) also nodded.

Aeolus(025.png) smiled bitterly and said that he would learn the difference between a command and a blessing only when he got older. At that time, the sea-side barrier collapsed.

Lucian(061.png)'s fleet and Belphegor(013.png)'s poisonous dragon ship entered the island at the same time. Magitech Golem(099.png) was paving the way by replicating the sound of Aeolus(025.png)'s flute. Ignis(011.png) reached out to Kadan(041.png).

“The time has come to keep my oath. If I fight the court’s way again, drag me out. ” Celia(062.png) connected all wind towers on the island.

[Celia(062.png)] At her command, the forest path moved and the coastal cliffs folded into a huge maze. She was no longer a daughter who ran away from home, nor was she a successor following in her father's footsteps. The people of the island began to follow her voice.
