SNSHero Novel
Episode 20: The Wave That Swallowed the Flower Ship

There were no war ships in the port of Wind Island. Celia(062.png) created an evacuation boat by connecting flower boats used during festivals.

The children and the elderly were placed in the central cabin, and the fog passage was opened with Aeolus(025.png)'s flute. The colorful flower decorations were a target in the night sea, but there was no time to take them off. Instead of tearing down the flower decorations, the islanders hung empty cloth bags under the flowers.

It had a structure that caught the wind when an arrow flew, forming a small shield. The tailors preparing for the festival repaired the sails faster than the war engineers. Rather than giving orders, Celia(062.png) connected each person's skills to where they were needed.

Lucian(061.png)'s fleet bombarded the island. The artificial white flame did not go out even on the water and followed the evacuation ship. Ignis(011.png) stood on the bow and read the structure of the same flame.

It was a replica made of his blood, but it was designed to react to fear and anger. “The more I shake, the stronger that fire becomes. ” Kadan(041.png) did not erect a shield in front of Ignis(011.png).

“Then shake it. Instead, don’t hold on alone. ” For the first time, Ignis(011.png) did not hide his fear.

The death of his parents, the voice of Lucian(061.png), and the fear of losing his throne were spoken one by one. Emotions expressed in words were no longer prey to fake flames.

The moment the flames abated, Celia(062.png) turned the wind and sent it back to the enemy fleet. His confession wasn't cool. Sentences were often interrupted, he said the same thing twice, and when he admitted to being jealous of Kadan(041.png), the flames flew again.

Kadan(041.png) did not give advice and waited for the next words. When Ignis(011.png) finally said, “I still want to be king,” the mock flame shook the most and then went out. In Poison Dragon Ship, Belphegor(013.png) called Medusa Gorgo(089.png).

He said that if you turn over the codex piece, you can go back to the past. Medusa Gorgo(089.png) cut his fan in two with a chain whip. “There is no past we can go back to.

So make the right choice at least next time. ” Belphegor(013.png) was furious and caused the Poison Dragon Ship's heart path to explode. The crew members trapped inside the ship were in danger of dying together.

Kadan(041.png) crossed over to the enemy ship and freed the crew, while Ignis(011.png) drew the heat from the heart into its core. The pain of returning the power that had been taken away through the forbidden liquor tore through my entire body. Celia(062.png) cut off all the sails on the flower boat and turned them into a huge wind net.

I tried to push the poisonous dragon ship that was about to explode into the empty sea, but Belphegor(013.png) held the rudder and did not let go. Medusa Gorgo(089.png) held his hand for the last time. “Don’t ask me to go with you.

” Belphegor(013.png) said. “At least one person has to make the next choice.

” He pushed Medusa Gorgo(089.png) into the sea. The poisonous dragon ship exploded and a pillar of black fire rose. The shock wave broke the connection of the flower boat and scattered the refuge ships in all directions.

Kadan(041.png) jumped into the water to find Celia(062.png), who had fallen into the water. They caught the hem of her silver-blue dress beneath the waves, but the whirlpool dragged them both away from the ship. The red mane of Pegasus(090.png) and the light of Ignis(011.png) were briefly visible above the water and then obscured by heavy rain.

In the water, Celia(062.png) was unconscious and did not let go of the green jade staff. Kadan(041.png) knew that if he threw away the wand, two people could come to mind, but he also knew that it was not Celia(062.png)'s personal belongings, but the trust of the refugees. He first unwrapped his armor and his father's empty sword scabbard and released them into the sea.

Aeolus(025.png) sent a rescue signal with a flute. Ignis(011.png) was lying on the deck with its core burned out. Medusa Gorgo(089.png) could have killed him or taken the codex piece, but instead, he drew a reverse rune that calmed the flame.

As dawn broke, the sea became calm as if it were a lie. The remains of the flower boat covered the water surface like flower petals. Kadan(041.png) and Celia(062.png) were nowhere to be seen.

Kadan(041.png) opened his eyes on the beach of an unnamed island far away. One hand was holding Celia(062.png)'s wrist, and the other hand was holding a piece of the codex entrusted by Gandar(069.png). I heard someone stepping on wet sand from inside the forest.
