SNSHero Novel
Episode 03: Blood on the Mist Cliff

[Kadan(041.png)] The seven pursuers heading north got lost at Mistfall Cliffs. Even though it was midday, the fog had risen from my ankles to my shoulders, and there were unfamiliar handprints on each rock.

When Eliana(063.png) dropped the medicine on the handprint, silver powder arose. It was a trace of a forbidden art that took mana out of the body and hardened it like a corpse. That night, two people appeared at the abandoned temple on the cliff.

Medusa Gorgo(089.png) was blindfolded and moved by sound, while Belphegor(013.png) had black crystal armor covering its skin. They were once students learning runes from the Wind Sage Aeolus(025.png), but after stealing part of the Nine Shadows Codex from their teacher's temple, they were using people's life force as experimental material. Gawain(045.png) tapped the floor three times with the iron staff.

There were eight echoes that returned, but there were seven in their group. “It’s the ceiling! ” Belphegor(013.png) fell and split the temple floor.

Grimli(074.png) caught it with his hammer, and Aila the Demon Hunter(070.png)'s crossbow pierced the fog. However, Medusa Gorgo(089.png) first heard the vibration of the arrow flying and twisted its body. Black threads stretched from the tips of her fingernails, sewing Robinyard(048.png)'s shadow to the wall.

Although each of the seven men was outstanding, it had not been long since they fought together. The knife thrown by Kaze(044.png) got caught in Rondol(046.png)'s oar, and Grimli(074.png)'s hammer wind blocked Aila the Demon Hunter(070.png)'s vision.

Medusa Gorgo(089.png) did not miss the opportunity. The poisonous fog spread and one by one they fell to their knees. The first to stand up again was Robinyard(048.png), who was usually the quietest.

He cut off his own shadow with a sword and blocked Medusa Gorgo(089.png)'s path. Belphegor(013.png)'s crystal arm pierced his chest, but Robinyard(048.png) held on to his enemy with both arms even as he fell. “Now.

This time, let’s look at each other and move. ” Based on the sound of Gawain(045.png)'s staff, Aila the Demon Hunter(070.png) took three steps and shot an arrow to the left. Kaze(044.png) deflected the arrow with his blade, and Rondol(046.png)'s wave rune doubled its speed.

The moment Grimli(074.png)'s hammer broke Belphegor(013.png)'s armor, Eliana(063.png)'s purifying agent seeped into the crack. As Belphegor(013.png)'s crystal melted, the names of the people engraved within it were revealed. There was evidence that the life force stolen through the experiment had been used as armor material.

Eliana(063.png) couldn't pour more purifier and his hands were shaking. Belphegor(013.png) saw that expression and for the first time looked at his arm like it was a monster.

Medusa Gorgo(089.png) and Belphegor(013.png) took the codex pieces and fled beneath the fog. They were able to give chase, but the seven people stayed by Robinyard(048.png). Every time he breathed, small bubbles of blood formed around his mouth.

“Tell me when you find the child. The world needed at least one fool who wouldn’t run away. ” As the dawn bell rang in the distance, Robinyard(048.png)'s hands grew cold.

[Robinyard(048.png)] The six people did not build a grave on the cliff. This is because the prohibitionists were able to find the body. Instead, he melted his acrobatic silver bells and attached them little by little to each of his six weapons.

Grimli(074.png) broke the handle of the hammer while chopping firewood to cremate the body. Aila the Demon Hunter(070.png) did not put down a single arrow until the funeral lights were extinguished. Kaze(044.png), who always changed the mood with words, couldn't tell any jokes.

For the first time, the seven people realized how big the silence was for the six of them. Eliana(063.png) divided the ashes into seven small glass bottles.

Each of the six people took one bottle and decided to give the last bottle to Kadan(041.png). It was not to impose a debt on the child he had not yet met for his dead teacher, but to let him know that there was someone waiting for him. Returning to Seven Bridges, they rented the highest floor of the separate bell tower.

It was a meeting place eighteen years later. There were seven glasses on the table, but no one touched one. Grimli(074.png) wrote a letter to Hercul(049.png).

I found Kadan(041.png)'s life resonance in the north, and I will definitely bring him back to teach him. The writing was poor and the ink was smeared here and there, but the last sentence was straight. We lost one person.

[Kadan(041.png)] Therefore, I will teach my child how to survive and protect before how to kill. The morning sun rising outside the bell tower illuminated the seven cups one after another. The sound of silver bells was heard even in the empty drinking glass.
