SNSHero Novel
Episode 37: War of the Conqueror King

Fenrir(081.png) treated Kadan(041.png) like his own son. He united several tribes and was destroying the Northern Citadel of the Shadow Realm one by one.

It was believed that decades of oppression could be ended if only the last capital was captured. Kadan(041.png) took the lead using the defensive tactics of the Ironforge(080.png) strategic core. Before destroying the walls, he evacuated the inhabitants through underground waterways and froze the supply depot, forcing the garrison to surrender.

[Ironforge(080.png), Kadan(041.png)] The victory was slow, but fewer than half as many people died as in previous battles. At the end of each battle, he wrote down the number of enemy and friendly wounded in the same ledger.

Generals complained about the need to count the number of enemies. Kadan(041.png) answered that it is not a ledger that calculates the strength to fight the next day, but a ledger that remembers the reasons why he could not stop today. The generals of Fenrir(081.png) were frustrated.

He claimed that if he left his enemy alive, he would raise his sword again. Fenrir(081.png) initially accepted Kadan(041.png)'s method, but as the war dragged on, he wanted a faster victory. During the siege of the capital, Lucian(061.png) chained the residents to the walls.

He knew that Kadan(041.png) would not be able to attack. Celia(062.png) was a mobile sound tower that simultaneously sent messages to people in the city.

It was a short instruction to hide in the cellar when the bell rang three times. Titania(064.png)'s Griffon(084.png) cavalry occupied the bell tower, and Gilgamesh(047.png) opened the aqueduct gate. Kadan(041.png) pulled out Death Knight Artus(060.png)'s soul army from the front.

When Ignis(011.png)'s spark was placed in the center of the shield, the dead souls inside the armor stopped moving for a moment. The name of Ignis(011.png) spread among the palace soldiers who saw the white light.

Some called him a traitor, others called him the last prince. Kadan(041.png) did not correct either. What the embers were doing now was not to determine a person's honor, but to give the trapped soul time to stop.

In the meantime, Celia(062.png) spread the codex's liberation runes throughout the city. The lights trapped in each piece of armor emerged into the night sky. Death Knight Artus(060.png) pulled in more souls to maintain its body, but instead lost its balance and retreated.

The capital has fallen. Fenrir(081.png) offered to give Kadan(041.png) the title of King of the North and territory in the South.

Kadan(041.png) declined. He asked that victory not be declared until the refugees returned. That night, Celia(062.png) discovered the second invasion map in Fenrir(081.png)'s military camp.

The arrow did not stop at the Shadow Realm capital, but continued all the way to Lighthaven and the cities of the Free People's League. Fenrir(081.png) believed that war would end only when all continents were unified under one law.

Kadan(041.png) took the map and went to Fenrir(081.png). “Weren’t we fighting to prevent an invasion? ” “If you leave the weak kingdom as is, the next Lucian(061.png) will emerge.

I will make it one first. ” “Unification without protecting people is a war with a long name. ” Fenrir(081.png) was not angry.

Rather, he said he would entrust the southern expeditionary force to Kadan(041.png). The logic was that damage could be reduced if it was taken over by someone they trusted.

He also added a threat that if he refused, another general would attack him more brutally. Kadan(041.png) noticed that the logic was similar to what he had said in the past. Moments when you overcame the opposition of someone close to you because something worse would happen if you didn't save them.

The saying that invasion is less bad when a good person leads it was a cloth covering the invasion itself. Kadan(041.png) avoided giving a direct answer.

Outside the military camp, Elwin(042.png) was treating northerners. Fenrir(081.png) knew that Kadan(041.png) could not leave his mother and hometown behind. Celia(062.png) bought time for evacuation by changing the orders in the military camp one by one, as if playing hide and seek.

But I couldn't fake it for long. Fenrir(081.png)'s SS began arresting Freemen's League liaison soldiers. On the day the war was won, Kadan(041.png) had to find a way to escape again from the country where he grew up.
