SNSHero Novel
Episode 08: Rider of the Crimson Mane

Upon entering the southern plains, Kadan(041.png) encountered a wild horse with a dark red mane. Instead of carrying a man on its back, the horse kicked and dented the armor of a soldier who came close. The auctioneers prepared tranquilizing arrows, but Kadan(041.png) entered the fence empty-handed.

[Kadan(041.png)] He didn't try to take the reins. He ran the same distance until the horse got tired, and when he stopped, he stopped too. As the sun was setting, the wild horse first touched the tip of its nose to his shoulder.

Kadan(041.png) called the horse Pegasus(090.png). This is because red frost crystals were scattered through its mane as it ran. The auctioneer presented a contract and asked for the price of the horse.

Kadan(041.png) asked why the person who locked up the wild horse was the owner. Pegasus(090.png), who was watching the scuffle, broke down the fence and stood next to Kadan(041.png). The merchant retreated amid jeers from the crowd, who said even the choice of horse was priceless.

At the Janggagu Market on the outskirts of the capital, he saw a small beggar wearing a shabby cloak. The beggar was falsely accused of stealing bread and was surrounded by merchants, but instead of being frightened, he pointed out the flour stains on the soles of the thieves' shoes. As the real thief ran away, she kicked a rock with her toe, hitting the wheel axle exactly. Kadan(041.png) bought bread and warm soup from the beggar.

[Kadan(041.png)] Although his six teachers told him to use his old money sparingly, he even took off his fur coat to someone he met for the first time. The beggar did not eat the soup in a hurry. First, I smelled the scent and stirred the floor once with a spoon.

This is because I found out that there was a store that stole customers' money by putting sleeping vinegar in cheap soup. Kadan(041.png) ate from his bowl first, and only then did he put a spoonful in his mouth. “Aren’t you trusting strangers too much?

[Kadan(041.png)] ” “You don’t seem to trust anyone. ” The two looked at each other for a moment and then laughed at the same time. It was the first greeting from people facing the same problem in opposite directions.

[Kadan(041.png)] “Are all southerners so easily fooled? ” the beggar asked. “Anyone who pretends to be hungry to get soup must be really hungry.

” The beggar laughed as if he were dumbfounded. She introduced herself as Celia(062.png) and asked where Kadan(041.png) was going and who she was looking for. Kadan(041.png) didn't know how to hide it, and Celia(062.png) changed its expression three times while listening. When the name Ignis(011.png) came up, the laughter completely disappeared.

As the two people left the market, hunters who were trying to steal Pegasus(090.png) blocked their path. Before Kadan(041.png) drew his sword, Celia(062.png) snapped his fingers. The wind spread the alley's awnings at once, blocking the hunters' view, and fruit crates rolled like wheels and hit their ankles.

[Pegasus(090.png), Kadan(041.png), Celia(062.png)] “You are not an ordinary beggar. ” “You’re not an ordinary idiot either. ” They headed to the capital together.

A large duel stand was erected in the square in front of the castle gate. Wandering knight Balbo(071.png) was holding a public sparring to find a spouse for his adopted daughter Eliana(063.png). There was only one condition: the person who pushed Eliana(063.png) out of the duel without a weapon would be eligible to marry.

Eliana(063.png) was not a weak product. Using the crystal bow and vine runes alternately, he quickly kicked out the challengers. However, when the young man in golden armor came up, the air in the square became hot.

White flames bloomed from his hands and reduced the vines to ash. Ignis(011.png) checked the crowd's cheers before entering the duel. Each time a hand was raised, a flag with the royal emblem on it was unfurled. He did not come because he wanted to get married, but to test whether he was seen as a future king in the people's eyes.

Eliana(063.png) avoided the flames and shot his bow three times. Ignis(011.png) burned the first arrow and captured the second, but the third arrow pierced the crown decoration. The audience's brief laughter touched his pride.

It was from that moment that Ignis(011.png) became more cruel than necessary. “I am Ignis(011.png), the prince of the Red Glass Court. ” Celia(062.png)'s voice lowered.

Ignis(011.png) did not raise his hand even after defeating Eliana(063.png). She threw her shoe into the audience, saying that marriage was just a game for low-class people. When Balbo(071.png) protested, the flame whip burned the back of the old man's hand.

Kadan(041.png) entered the duel. Although his teachers told him not to interfere in other people's business, he picked up the shoes that fell in front of Ignis(011.png) and returned them to Eliana(063.png). “If you won, you have nothing more to prove.

Why insult me? ” Ignis(011.png) saw the red string and old runes attached to Kadan(041.png)'s dagger. An unexplainable feeling of discomfort welled up in my chest. The children, connected by the promise of their two fathers, created snow and fire without even knowing each other's names.
