SNSHero Novel
Episode 06: The Art of Breathing Stars

The teachings of the six teachers pulled Kadan(041.png) in a different direction every day. Grimli(074.png) told me to hold on like a rock, and Kaze(044.png) told me to cheat before the wind. Aila the Demon Hunter(070.png) told me to stop breathing, but Rondol(046.png) told me to let my breath flow like a wave.

Kadan(041.png) didn't want to throw anything away, so he messed up all his moves. Even when he was fifteen, he could not complete the simplest continuous fasting. The teachers were even more frustrated because they knew how sincere the child was.

The day Grimli(074.png) got angry and turned away, Kadan(041.png) climbed the ice cliff alone all night long. There was a Griffon(084.png) nest on the cliffside. Two cubs that had lost their mother were crying from starvation, but the height was beyond the reach of a wingless person.

Malfuon(066.png), wearing a moss-colored coat, watched from below as Kadan(041.png) tied the rope and fell several times. “If you climb with just your arm strength, the cliff will push you away. ” “Can a cliff push a person off?

” “If you can’t hear the world breathing, there’s no need for the world to listen to your circumstances. ” Malfuon(066.png) walked up the cliff without lifting a finger. Wherever I put my feet, moss bloomed and clung to the slippery ice.

After coming down with the baby Griffon(084.png) in his arms, he told Kadan(041.png) to come to the summit three days later when the full moon rises. The condition was not to tell anyone. For three days, Kadan(041.png) only practiced rope knots.

It was not because he wanted to avoid being caught sneaking out every night, but because he wanted to avoid the shame of falling off a cliff and being rescued by his teachers. However, on the first climb, the knot came loose and I slipped for about ten meters. As he removed the ice cube from his palm, he learned the obvious truth that death hurts more than shame. Kadan(041.png) was concerned about deceiving his teachers.

[Kadan(041.png)] However, it seemed like if he continued to stay in his place, his sacrifice would be in vain. He spent half the night climbing to the top. My palms were busted and my knees were ground on ice, but I arrived before the moon set.

Malfuon(066.png) did not raise his sword. He made Kadan(041.png) sit down and reminded him of a star above his head with each inhalation and a snowflake beneath his feet with each exhalation. He explained that mana is not a fuel to be grasped by muscles, but rather a matter of matching the beat between the body and the world.

Nothing happened in the first month. In the second month, when Kadan(041.png) exhaled, the eye dust formed a circle. Six months later, the ice under my feet did not break while climbing the cliff.

Kadan(041.png) realized that the techniques of the six teachers were not contradictory, but had different beats. Malfuon(066.png) never once praised me for doing a good job. When he was out of breath, he threw a small tree nut at Kadan(041.png)'s forehead, and when he was too focused, he deliberately asked the wrong questions.

“If you can’t hear the footsteps of the person next to you because you’re counting the stars, who is that practice for? ” Kadan(041.png) then realized that silence should not be a cave to forget about the surroundings. Gawain(045.png) was the first to notice the change.

This is because the sound of Kadan(041.png)'s footsteps disappeared and his breathing became deeper. He didn't ask me where I went every night. Instead, he only said, “If you try to show off your newfound strength by hiding it from us, I will break your legs.

” The moment the teachers and Malfuon(066.png)'s teachings met, Kadan(041.png)'s sword changed. The weight learned from Grimli(074.png) was hidden in Kaze(044.png)'s deception, and the stoppage of Aila the Demon Hunter(070.png) led to the flow of Rondol(046.png). He didn't feel out of breath even after completing his first consecutive fasting. Grimli(074.png) kicked Kadan(041.png)'s ankles to hide his admiration.

Even though Kadan(041.png) fell, he did not let go of his sword and even struck down the wooden arrow thrown by Aila the Demon Hunter(070.png). The six teachers told him to reveal the existence of Malfuon(066.png) only then. Kadan(041.png) first apologized for lying and then showed everything he had learned at the top.

Gawain(045.png) did not go to Malfuon(066.png) to duel. Instead, I left a bottle of alcohol on the top of the cliff. The next day, next to the empty bottle, there was a letter written on a leaf saying, “I like that you didn’t try to monopolize the child.

” At that time, Hercul(049.png)'s messenger crystal arrived in the Wildlands. It was news that Balian(043.png)'s son was alive and would be raised as a prince in the Red Glass Court. The name is Ignis(011.png).

The day of the promise the two fathers made eighteen years ago was also approaching. Elwin(042.png) handed her husband's dagger and the truth to her son. “Even if you find the person who killed your father, before your anger speaks, ask him why he made the choice he did.

” Kadan(041.png) decided to leave for the south. At the bottom of the cliff, Titania(064.png) was waiting for the two tamed Griffon(084.png). The cubs that Malfuon(066.png) rescued had already grown to the point where they could carry a person.

“Find your way back in the sky. ” Titania(064.png) tied the old red string back to Kadan(041.png)'s dagger handle. “And even if you see the stars in the south, don’t forget the stars in the north. ”
