SNSHero Novel
Episode 35: Mistaken in the Fog

Kadan(041.png) followed Aeolus(025.png) and headed to the separate bell tower. It was the place Hercul(049.png) and the seven pursuers promised eighteen years ago.

Nine drinking tables were set up on the bell tower, and Hercul(049.png) was waiting, emptying the glasses of his dead comrades. “Your teachers were planning to have you compete with Ignis(011.png) here today. ” Hercul(049.png) said.

“Not to see who is stronger, but to see what remains of the promise we started with. ” Hercul(049.png) even prepared a small scoreboard for the two of them. There was a note attached that Grimli(074.png) was to be in charge of power, Aila the Demon Hunter(070.png) would be in charge of judgment, and Kaze(044.png) would be in charge of trickery.

The last line had Robinyard(048.png) written on it, saying that there was one point on the side that laughed during the fight. Kadan(041.png) announced the death of Ignis(011.png) and placed a glass ember next to the empty glass. Hercul(049.png) admitted that he treated his two children as if they were solutions to his resentment.

Even good intentions can turn a person into a plan. As Aeolus(025.png) appeared beneath the bell tower, the Knights of the Star Sanctuary surrounded him.

Death Knight Artus(060.png) also sent evidence to Hercul(049.png) that Aeolus(025.png) killed their teachers. Kadan(041.png) thought of the silver bell's off-beat beat, but was not sure. Fog suddenly rolled in from the lake.

[Death Knight Artus(060.png), Hercul(049.png), Aeolus(025.png)] People couldn't even recognize the face one step in front of them. The sounds of flutes, silver bells, and armor overlapped from all directions. When someone attacks, someone else's weapon returns.

Kadan(041.png) saw Aeolus(025.png)'s shadow and rushed towards him. The moment the Dragon Breaker hit, the figure dissipated into black smoke. Death Knight Artus(060.png) was an empty armor with the appearance of Aeolus(025.png).

The real Aeolus(025.png) was blocking another clone from attacking Hercul(049.png). The two exchanged weapons several times, mistaking each other for enemies.

When Celia(062.png) stuck the green jade staff into the base of the bell tower, the wind rose upward and cleared away the fog. “Everyone, lower your weapons. Look at the choices, not the sounds!

” Death Knight Artus(060.png)'s clone imitated a person's face and skills, but could not imitate the choice to protect someone. Whenever danger came, he looked for a figure that avoided himself, and the fake was revealed. Instead of asking people for their names, Celia(062.png) asked people to tell them the location of someone close to them.

The fake read the memory and answered the name, but did not know which direction they ran to when someone was injured. Relationships were codes that were harder to replicate than information. Kadan(041.png) lowered his sword in front of Aeolus(025.png).

Apologies didn't make the fight go away. Instead of saying he would forgive, Aeolus(025.png) told him to reveal the death of his teachers until the end.

Death Knight Artus(060.png) revealed its main body at the top of the bell tower. He absorbed some of the souls of the six teachers into his armor and used their skills. Grimli(074.png)'s hammer impact and Aila the Demon Hunter(070.png)'s arrow trajectory rained down on Kadan(041.png) at the same time.

Kadan(041.png) was unable to fight back. Breaking the teachers' movements felt like killing them twice. Celia(062.png) slapped him.

The silver bells inside the shield shook. The masters' techniques produced different sounds, but when Death Knight Artus(060.png) unfolded, they all ended in the same metallic sound. Kadan(041.png) picked up the sword only after hearing that there was a difference between remembering technology and remembering people.

[Death Knight Artus(060.png), Kadan(041.png)] “Those are not teachers. Remember why they taught you.

” Kadan(041.png) closed his eyes and held up the silver bell. The clone of Death Knight Artus(060.png) only had technology and no beats to fill in each other's gaps. He split the attack with binary splitting, revealing the soul storage core in the center of the armor.

Death Knight Artus(060.png) abandoned the storage core and ran away. Six rays of light were released, circling the empty drinking table one at a time. The old glasses in the bell tower made a clear sound at the same time.

Kadan(041.png) and Celia(062.png) looked at each other, but did not immediately reconcile. I had to verbally deal with the hurt of not being believed and the choice to leave alone. They first filled the cups of the dead with alcohol.
